Don’ts:
球員找大學時，禁止做的事
Don't forget that most coaches are looking closely at your character and grades before they consider your athletic potential.
別忘記大多數教練會特別注意你的人格和學業成績，在他們考量你的運動員潛力時。
Don’t ask about scholarship money early on,
不要太早問獎學金多少
Don’t have your Parents or others contact college coaches on your behalf – advocate for yourself and demonstrate to coaches early on you can be self sufficient
不要叫你父母或其他人代替你接洽大學教練-自我推薦及有自信的展現給教練看
Don’t worry about what other players you know are doing, worry about yourself.
別焦慮你認識的其他球員做了些什麼? 管好自己
Don’t assume just because you have talent, schools will come to you – take charge & be proactive.
別自以為有才能，學校就會找上門-扛下責任並積極主動
Don’t think anything is “owed” to you
別認為任何事都是欠你的
Don't send out mass e-mails. Personalize your notes and only send to schools you would seriously consider attending. Don't send e-mails addressed to the wrong coach at the wrong school.
不要寄太多電子郵件。建立個性化的筆記，只寄給你認真考慮要去唸的學校。不要寄錯教練，寄錯學校。
Don’t e-mail coaches using an e-mail address you might think is funny but which you may regret or find embarrassing down the road. Most coaches will likely think twice about recruiting an athlete whose e-mail address is norulz4me.

寄信給教練，不要只有e-mail地址，你可能覺得這很有趣，但是你可能會後悔或尷尬這樣做。大部分的教練傾向於多考慮幾次是否錄取，對於只會附上e-mail地址的運動員。

Don't let an ill advised 100 character tweet cost you a $ 100,000 scholarship.
不要寫了100個字在推特上害你100000元獎學金。
Don't forget to check your e-mail and voice mail regularly  ... always respond to coaches quickly and definitively.
別忘了定期檢查e-mail及語言訊息。永遠要即時及明確地回覆教練。
Don’t take the" D1 or bust" route or limit yourself to just one or two schools. It’s a learning process and by having a healthy and varied list of schools to start with you’ll learn a lot both about schools and what appeals to you and may be the best fit for you.
不要只看第一級" D1 or bust"，或是只限1間或2間大學。這是學習的過程，有健康多元的大學名單做為開始，你將學習更多，看到大學的多面向及吸引你的地方，這才是最適合的。
Don’t burn any bridges , be polite and respond to all coaches e-mails. If you’re certain you’re no longer interested in a school save everybody time and trouble by politely letting them know – remember, coaches talk to each other.
不要斷了任何橋，有禮貌並回覆所有教練的郵件。假如你確定你真的對這所大學沒興趣 ，節省大學的時間，減少麻煩，請客氣地讓教練知道-切記，教練應對每一個人
Don't deluge coaches with e-mails or phone calls. It's important to stay in contact with coaches, a couple of times a month is good, several times a week or daily is likely to put you in the nuisance pile, remember you are contacting coaches who are thinking do I want to work with this kid for the next 4 or 5 years?
最在email或電話中和教練鬼扯太多。和教練保持連繫是重要的，一個數次為佳，一周幾次或每天就變成討人厭的搔擾了，切記，教練會考慮的事，這個小孩我要和他共事4、5年嗎?
Don't rely on verbal offers and say no to other potential schools. Until you get it in writing it's not binding, don't be left out in the cold!
不要依賴口頭承諾的錄取，及拒絕其他一些有潛力的學校。直到你收到正式錄取通知，別被丟棄在一旁。
Don't freak out if things are not progressing as quickly as you thought they would. The recruiting process is a marathon not a sprint.
假如事情進展不如你想像的，不要緊張。錄取過程是場馬拉松，不是短跑比賽。